The Better Attribution License
I: Metadata: Please see the Metadata file for up-to-date metadata for this project. This is only the initial metadata as of the introduction of this license.
Project:(project name here) 
Project Developer:(developer or team name here)
Contributors: (list of contributors and contributions, [ie. name - contribution, contribution, contribution], separated by semicolons, if applicable.)

II: Definitions
Standard Version refers to the project which is the basis for modified versions, also known as upstream.

Modified Versions refer to partial or whole versions of the source code distributed by the project that have been modified, downstream.

The Software refers to the project, which is a collection of files distributed by the Project Developer, the "Standard Version", and derivatives of that collection of files created through modification of the source code, the "Modified Version".

Undue hassle, as mentioned in this license, means requirements to receive the source code that restricts the receipt of said source code behind acts which may prevent users from requesting it, or providing it in a form which prevents easy usage of it. Examples of this include, but are not limited to: requiring a phone call to be made when a letter of request is sent; requiring a letter to be sent when a phone call is made; sending the source code in the form of a book; or sending it in a proprietary media format which the user would not be able to access. 

III: License Terms
1. You may make and give away verbatim copies of the source form of the Standard Version of this Software without restriction, provided that you duplicate all of the original copyright notices, this license (including the Metadata file), and associated disclaimers.

2. You may apply bug fixes, portability fixes and other modifications from the Project Developer or other developers (including yourself) to enable this software to work with modern tools, new hardware, new operating systems, etc. You may distribute software modified in such a way as the Standard Version, so long as you provide the source code of that modified software free of charge and without undue hassle to purchasers or receivers of said Standard Version under the terms of this license.

3. You may distribute this Software, with or without fee, provided that you do not advertise the Standard Version of this Software as a product of your own.

4. You may redistribute the Standard Version, so long as you provide the source code of any binary free of charge and without undue hassle to purchasers or receivers of said Standard Version under the terms of this license.

5. You may choose to add your name to the contributors list within the metadata file, to allow the Project Developer to credit you for your modifications in the Standard Version of the Software.

6. Each contributor to The Software hereby grants to you a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this paragraph) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer The Software, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by the contributor that are necessarily infringed by their contribution(s) alone or by combination of their contribution(s) with The Software to which such contribution(s) was submitted. If you institute patent litigation (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) against any party alleging that The Software or a contribution incorporated within The Software constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to you under this License for that Software shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.

7. You may otherwise modify your copy of this Software in any way, including adding features and self-perceived optimizations of the source code, provided that your Modified Version uses this license as modified by sub-paragraph 6a (this modified license). Any copy of the Software that you modify and distribute, (The Modified Version), in full or partial source or binary form, must remain under this modified license. You may distribute the Modified Version, so long as you provide the source code of any binary free of charge and without undue hassle to purchasers or receivers of said Modified Version under the terms of this modified license and you must include clear instructions for obtaining the source of the standard version. This may be altered by any of the sub-paragraphs included below.
 7a. You must modify your license to change the project and project developer. Label your Modified Version as the project, and moving any prior project developer to be the primary Contributor.
 7b. (Permissive Option): If this sub-paragraph is included, any Modified Version may be used, copied, modified, merged, published, distributed, sub-licensed, and/or sold under any terms you choose, provided that you include the original copyright and attribution notices, and keep an up-to-date metadata file with all copies or substantial portions of the Modified Version.
 7b. (Network Use Source Requirement Option):  If this sub-paragraph is included, if you modify the Software and operate that Modified Version to provide any functionality, service, or feature accessible over a network (including, but not limited to, hosting, software-as-a-service, or web applications), you must make the complete corresponding source code of your modified version (including any modifications, scripts, or interface code necessary to operate the service) available, free of charge, to all users of the service. This source code must be provided under the modified license of the modified version, and must include clear instructions for obtaining the source of the standard version.

8. Neither the name of the project nor the name, username, handle, etc, of the project developer or contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

9. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE
